We choose to work on Shubham's code from last game. Siyi's comments and question were quite innovative from
the last game to hold the player for long time. We picked few comments from last game and added on top of it.
We choose Siyi's design of market part, advantages are as follows:
1. It has several products' information ready to use
2. It has the function of create new market, get names and add new products.
3. It can serve as a single block and easy to add
In this project Siyi continued to work on it, making it adapt to the new map and more feature-rich.

The choice of Shubham's general design is because
1. It has all the products, creatures, controller, market and other packages are fully aligned and were ready to use.
2. It has independent battle and market classes to decouple these functionality from main game class & we just needed to
   call the respective factories.
3. The use of controller is such a nice approach that other rest of the modules works as an API's. We have added few
   more controllers & and GameInputManager (Game input manager manage & validate all input's from the users).

Overall design principle
We used package approach for most of the game parts to do the decoupling and write API's for every module to do the interactions
These package/component include BoardMap(Lane, Space), Creature, Market, Inventory and Game, Product.
The whole game starts with the main class and everything under that is controlled by the controllers. The map of this game
is redesigned as per the requirement, the product, creature & inventory packages & classes are use as it is with a little
tweaks where ever required.

Why this design is correct - because it decouples user interaction and underneath functionalities.
When we started modifications in Legends of Heroes and Monsters to Legends of Valor, the decoupling of packages allowed
us to do minimum modifications and helped us to divide the work.
1. Since the game was segregated into different parts we just picked one by one all the parts and started making modifications.
2. We added the battle controller to remove the battle part from main legends game controller.
3. The original market and inventory components also doesn't undergo any large change.